docs/components/README.md, before:

---
sidebarDepth: 2
---

# Introduction

Vue2Leaflet is a wrapper library for the mapping library [Leaflet](https://leafletjs.com)

To easily encapsulate most of the functionality of Leaflet a series of composable vue-components are provided.

::: tip
Most of our components do not emit events
but **all** the components pass down listeners for Leaflet's events.
It's possible to bind to them by simply writing `@leafletEventName`
:::

::: tip
Most components accept an `options` object, which will be passed to
the constructor of the underlying Leaflet object. Use this to set any
options that are not explicitly implemented as Vue `props` on the
component.
:::

## Base

- [l-map](/components/LMap.md)

## Shapes

- [l-circle](/components/LCircle.md)

- [l-polygon](/components/LPolygon.md)

- [l-polyline](/components/LPolyline.md)

- [l-rectangle](/components/LRectangle.md)

## Tiles

- [l-grid-layer](/components/LGridLayer.md)

- [l-tile-layer](/components/LTileLayer.md)

- [l-wms-tile-layer](/components/LWmsTileLayer.md)

## Markers

- [l-circle-marker](/components/LCircleMarker.md)

- [l-icon-default](/components/LIconDefault.md)

- [l-icon](/components/LIcon.md)

- [l-marker](/components/LMarker.md)

## Controls

- [l-control](/components/LControl.md)

- [l-control-attribution](/components/LControlAttribution.md)

- [l-control-layers](/components/LControlLayers.md)

- [l-control-scale](/components/LControlScale.md)

- [l-control-zoom](/components/LControlZoom.md)

## Info

- [l-popup](/components/LPopup.md)

- [l-tooltip](/components/LTooltip.md)

## Grouping

- [l-feature-group](/components/LFeatureGroup.md)

- [l-layer-group](/components/LLayerGroup.md)

## Other

- [l-geo-json](/components/LGeoJson.md)

- [l-image-overlay](/components/LImageOverlay.md)

Commit message:

Explain options object is not reactive

docs/components/README.md, after:

---
sidebarDepth: 2
---

# Introduction

Vue2Leaflet is a wrapper library for the mapping library [Leaflet](https://leafletjs.com)

To easily encapsulate most of the functionality of Leaflet a series of composable vue-components are provided.

::: tip
Most of our components do not emit events
but **all** the components pass down listeners for Leaflet's events.
It's possible to bind to them by simply writing `@leafletEventName`
:::

::: tip
Most components accept an `options` object, which will be passed to
the constructor of the underlying Leaflet object. Use this to set any
options that are not explicitly implemented as reactive Vue `props` on
the component.

**Note:** Leaflet often does not provide a mechanism for updating many
of these options after creating a map element. For this reason, changes
made to this `options` object are not reactive.
:::

## Base

- [l-map](/components/LMap.md)

## Shapes

- [l-circle](/components/LCircle.md)

- [l-polygon](/components/LPolygon.md)

- [l-polyline](/components/LPolyline.md)

- [l-rectangle](/components/LRectangle.md)

## Tiles

- [l-grid-layer](/components/LGridLayer.md)

- [l-tile-layer](/components/LTileLayer.md)

- [l-wms-tile-layer](/components/LWmsTileLayer.md)

## Markers

- [l-circle-marker](/components/LCircleMarker.md)

- [l-icon-default](/components/LIconDefault.md)

- [l-icon](/components/LIcon.md)

- [l-marker](/components/LMarker.md)

## Controls

- [l-control](/components/LControl.md)

- [l-control-attribution](/components/LControlAttribution.md)

- [l-control-layers](/components/LControlLayers.md)

- [l-control-scale](/components/LControlScale.md)

- [l-control-zoom](/components/LControlZoom.md)

## Info

- [l-popup](/components/LPopup.md)

- [l-tooltip](/components/LTooltip.md)

## Grouping

- [l-feature-group](/components/LFeatureGroup.md)

- [l-layer-group](/components/LLayerGroup.md)

## Other

- [l-geo-json](/components/LGeoJson.md)

- [l-image-overlay](/components/LImageOverlay.md)
