docs/components/l-feature-group/README.md, before:

# l-feature-group

Group together elements of the maps  including: markers, geoJSON, polylines and polygon, tooltip and popup.

!> This is particularly useful to have a single tooltip / popup that is 'shared' across multiple markers

## Playground
Any of the props of `l-feature-group` or the classes that it extends can be used

<vuep template="#control-zoom-example"></vuep>

<script v-pre type="text/x-template" id="control-zoom-example">

<template>
  <l-map style="height: 100%; width: 100%" :zoom="zoom" :center="center" :options="{zoomControl: false}">
    <l-tile-layer :url="url"></l-tile-layer>
    <l-feature-group ref="features">
      <l-popup > <span> Yay I was opened by {{caller}}</span></l-popup>
    </l-feature-group>
    <l-marker :lat-lng="markerLatLng" @click="openPopUp(markerLatLng, 'marker')"></l-marker>
    <l-circle
      :lat-lng="circle.center"
      :radius="circle.radius"
      :color="circle.color"
      @click="openPopUp(circle.center, 'circle')"
    />
  </l-map>
</template>

<script>

Vue.component('l-map', Vue2Leaflet.LMap)
Vue.component('l-tile-layer', Vue2Leaflet.LTileLayer)
Vue.component('l-feature-group', Vue2Leaflet.LFeatureGroup)
Vue.component('l-marker', Vue2Leaflet.LMarker)
Vue.component('l-popup', Vue2Leaflet.LPopup)
Vue.component('l-circle', Vue2Leaflet.LCircle)

export default {
  data () {
    return {
      url: 'http://{s}.tile.osm.org/{z}/{x}/{y}.png',
      zoom: 8,
      center: [47.313220, -1.319482],
      markerLatLng: [47.313220, -1.319482],
      caller: null,
      circle: {
        center: [47.413220, -1.0482],
        radius: 4500,
        color: 'red'
      }
    };
  },
  methods: {
    openPopUp (latLng, caller) {
      this.caller = caller;
      this.$refs.features.mapObject.openPopup(latLng);
    }
  }
}
</script>
</script>

## Props

`l-feature-group` does not expose any public props on his own, see inherited ones.

## Methods

`l-feature-group` does not expose any public method on his own, see inherited ones.

## Extends

<!-- tabs:start -->

## ** LayerGroup **

[circle.md](../../mixins/layer-group.md ':include')

## ** Layer **

[path.md](../../mixins/layer.md ':include')

<!-- tabs:end -->

Commit message:

docs(components): better props, methods and events
Add a footer on each section that expands information. On props and
methods, it links to inherited properties or events. On events, it
informs the user that native events are passed through.

These notices are always displayed, regardless if the components has
props, methods or emits events on his own.

Also, fix typos.

docs/components/l-feature-group/README.md, after:

# l-feature-group

Group together elements of the maps  including: markers, geoJSON, polylines and polygon, tooltip and popup.

!> This is particularly useful to have a single tooltip / popup that is 'shared' across multiple markers

## Playground
Any of the props of `l-feature-group` or the classes that it extends can be used

<vuep template="#control-zoom-example"></vuep>

<script v-pre type="text/x-template" id="control-zoom-example">

<template>
  <l-map style="height: 100%; width: 100%" :zoom="zoom" :center="center" :options="{zoomControl: false}">
    <l-tile-layer :url="url"></l-tile-layer>
    <l-feature-group ref="features">
      <l-popup > <span> Yay I was opened by {{caller}}</span></l-popup>
    </l-feature-group>
    <l-marker :lat-lng="markerLatLng" @click="openPopUp(markerLatLng, 'marker')"></l-marker>
    <l-circle
      :lat-lng="circle.center"
      :radius="circle.radius"
      :color="circle.color"
      @click="openPopUp(circle.center, 'circle')"
    />
  </l-map>
</template>

<script>

Vue.component('l-map', Vue2Leaflet.LMap)
Vue.component('l-tile-layer', Vue2Leaflet.LTileLayer)
Vue.component('l-feature-group', Vue2Leaflet.LFeatureGroup)
Vue.component('l-marker', Vue2Leaflet.LMarker)
Vue.component('l-popup', Vue2Leaflet.LPopup)
Vue.component('l-circle', Vue2Leaflet.LCircle)

export default {
  data () {
    return {
      url: 'http://{s}.tile.osm.org/{z}/{x}/{y}.png',
      zoom: 8,
      center: [47.313220, -1.319482],
      markerLatLng: [47.313220, -1.319482],
      caller: null,
      circle: {
        center: [47.413220, -1.0482],
        radius: 4500,
        color: 'red'
      }
    };
  },
  methods: {
    openPopUp (latLng, caller) {
      this.caller = caller;
      this.$refs.features.mapObject.openPopup(latLng);
    }
  }
}
</script>
</script>

## Props

`l-feature-group` does not expose any public props on his own.

[filename](../props-notice.md ':include')

## Methods

`l-feature-group` does not expose any public method on his own.

[filename](../methods-notice.md ':include')

## Events

`l-feature-group` does not emit any event on his own.

[filename](../events-notice.md ':include')

## Extends

<!-- tabs:start -->

## ** LayerGroup **

[circle.md](../../mixins/layer-group.md ':include')

## ** Layer **

[path.md](../../mixins/layer.md ':include')

<!-- tabs:end -->
